Qin Yun: It’s already very late. Why don’t you leave?
I have an appointment with Mr. Chen to sign a contract tomorrow. You should go back first.
Be safe on the road. Qin Yun
You must be careful about Mr. Chen.
Don't ask for any drinks his brother gives you. I
I'm leaving first. It turns out that this is what they were fighting and it’s interesting.
Madam has just been arranged to meet
Project of the Global Hospital Initiative. Wouldn't that be nice?
But Madam has to sign a contract with that smart Mr. Chen today.
What? Mr. Chen.
Miss Yue, you are much more beautiful than I imagined.
Yes, Chen Zongcai is a helper
Ms. Ye, Mr. Ye is so considerate.
Let’s take a look at this contract first
Drink the wine first
Otherwise there is Chinese
You don't sweep the rats either
Be careful I leave your supervisor open
Ms. Ye, you still write at your age.
I don’t know if it’s written in the workplace.
There was a little girl before
Just because I'm disobedient
on the way home
Captured by a man
It is said that there are still several men. I am so embarrassed.
Did I practice it for you?
Since you entered this house
I wanted to treat you well
Now don't blame brother, I'm out of luck
I'm not the one who wants to appreciate it
If you should understand me
Can you guard against a big pervert like me, brother?
It’s just who wants to find it difficult to understand?
I put you to sleep today myself